Voltage Source
==============
This is a breadboard mounted dual precision voltage source, switchable between
0V, 3V, and 5v. It is designed to work with the breadboard mounted power
supply in this repository.

Power and Compatibility
-----------------------
This is designed to be powered by breadboard rails with the following
voltages:

-12 GND ... GND +12

This works with common 0.1" pitch breadboards. Note that AFAIK there is no
fixed standard for breadboards, so there is no guarantee it will work with any
particular breadboard. The most common incompatibility I've seen is where the
rail pins are not aligned with the main pins of the breadboard.

Calibration
-----------
This uses precise voltage sources and potentiometers to calibrate an output
voltage to very exact standards, within ten to forty microvolts or so. The
resulting voltage will only be as accurate as your multimeter, so make sure
your multimeter will measure according to your requirements. Go through each
voltage one at a time, and turn the appropriate potentiometer until the output
is satisfactorily close to the nominal value. You may get better accuracy by
going through each voltage a second time, as the voltage sources may shift
very slightly with a slightly changing load. This will also give the parts
time to warm up to their typical operating temperature.

Precision
---------
After calibration, there are three significant remaining sources of
inaccuracy. First, the precision voltages themselves contribute a small
temperature dependency of 50ppm per degree C (or whatever is specified for the
particular part you are using). This figure is multiplied by the ratio of the
output voltage to the reference voltage (2.5V). Second, the potentiometer
itself may contribute a small temperature dependency, although this is
mitigated by using the potentiometer to provide a variable voltage, rather
than a variable resistance. Last, the op amp offset and bias current both have
a temperature dependency. The op amp offset change with temperature will be
reproduced multiplied by the ratio of the output voltage to the reference
voltage. The op amp bias change with temperature will be reproduced multiplied
by the very large source resistors, so it is highly recommended that you only
use FET input op amps.
